Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now with this lecture I'm going to create a brand new class called our e-reader class.
So what does that involve.
Well it involves creating a new class like we've done previously.
It involves some functions.
It evolves and parameters and attributes.
Let's jump right in and get going.
So let's start off by defining our class in our classes called e-reader brackets.
Cool.
Now we open this up for our comments my class to represent an e-reader
where we go next we define our method underscore underscore I and I t underscore underscore.
Now we have a parameter self make model as we know with e-readers or a number of different models.
Does it have a backlights are putting it back like parameter.
What's the battery life like.
Sort of put that in as well and the screen type code are in there as well because now e-readers are
not just black and white their color as well.
And don't forget your colon.
Next we put in a description.
So initialize
the attributes
to describe an e-reader.
Now we may we may not have captured all the attributes needed to describe any reader but we will look
at that a little later.
So as we saw in the previous lecture we start off with self does make equal make self does model equals
model self dot backlight equals backlight
that battery Eco's battery.
And finally solve that screen type equals screen.
There we go.
Now what's next.
Well next we're going to put in a function that will format are the output of our e-reader parameters.
So let's have a look at how we do that.
Well B.F. I'm going to call this gas e-reader name.
There we go.
We give that the parameter self call.
Now a comment.
So return a formatted script of
name for our e-reader and if you think about it this would be something like if you're on Amazon buying
an e-reader you would see a big head of head or descriptive name at the top of the page.
So this could be dashed and it's called this long name because it is going to be a long name equals
self does make.
Let's start off with the make of our e-reader followed by quote's space plus Let's go to our model self-taught
model.
After that we have so many descriptive items in it so let's put in and the backlight self does back
like plus space plus self Dazs battery
plus putting in airspaces don't forget revisable come out nice and cleanly format.
Plus screen type and just be spaced out there just for ease of use.
Now we don't need a closing bracket or anything like that after that then we return.
So what do we want to turn out.
So we return our name
that title so capitalized where necessary.
Now let's call our new class and let's go.
My so let's create a very.
But my new e-reader.
So we have a new e-reader you just ordered one from Amazon or wherever it is you shop.
My new e-reader So here we are calling our class and let's give it the arguments that are passed into
the parameters.
So my new e-reader is an Amazon Kindle.
OK.
That's the make.
What's the model.
Well it's a paper wife.
And if you want Amazon there are actually loads of different models so there's not just the one like
there used to be there's a paper wice one back like well has an adjustable backlight.
Have you read in the sun or in the dark.
I suppose the battery while there's no kind of set time in the battery what it is is it's several months
of battery life.
OK.
Then we have the screen types what kind of screen is.
Well according to Amazon it straight home depot.
There we go.
And finally what we want to do what we want to print out is a variable that we just created my new e-reader
want to invoke one of our method so get the reader name followed by brackets and that's it.
So let's see what we have.
We have an error.
Why do we have an error.
Let's have a look.
Well we have an error because I didn't put self in front of screen type self that screen type.
There we go.
Let's run it again and see what we get.
Perfect.
So let's have a look at our output for a moment.
Amazon Kindle Paperwhite It just bought back like several months of battery life on a deep drive.
I'm sure we can clean that up just a little bit.
So let's have a look at how we do that.
Let's go back into our long name and let's start in a couple of hyphens.
When I say a couple I mean several want to here
and another one here.
There we go.
Let's run it again.
OK.
Little bit easier to read.
Amazon Kindle Paperwhite just about back back like several months of battery life treatment to the API.
Now it's not a very big stretch of imagination to see this on the Amazon web page so to click onto the
image or the description of a Kindle and have this as your big headline at the top and then you follow
it down to read people's reviews and things it does.
So let's just go back to your class here and see what we have.
OK let's start here.
Line 8.
We defined it in a method with the self parameter for us exactly like before.
What about class.
We also give it several parameters such as make model backlight battery screen type the init method
takes in these parameters and stores them in attributes that would be associated with instances from
this new class.
When we make a new e-reader instance we will need to specify a make model backlight battery and screen
type.
For instance at line 16 here we define a method called Get e-reader name that puts on e-readers make
model backlight battery screen type into one string neatly formatted for e-reader despairs from having
to print each attribute value individually to work with the attribute value.
In this method we use self-taught make self-taught model of self-taught back like self-taught battery
self-taught screen type building on our last lectures.
This is actually not that complicated.
If you take it step by step piece by piece and this lecture now is all about bringing those pieces together
into one class which we've just done.
And then line 21 we make an instance from the e-reader class and stored in the variable.
My new e-reader then we call get e-reader name to show what kind of e-reader we have.
So hope all that made sense.
If not please don't hesitate to ask me.
And as always thank you for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.